yolov8 docs update (#8864)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/formats/format-yolov8.md

For example, `frame_000001.txt` serves as the annotation for the
`frame_000001.jpg` image.

## Import

Uploaded file: a zip archive of the same structure as above.

> Alternatively, since some tools (e.g. [roboflow](https://roboflow.com/formats/yolov8-pytorch-txt))
> have the folders order switched when exporting to Ultralytics YOLO format, CVAT can import such datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compatibility with other tools exporting in Ultralytics YOLO format 
(e.g. [roboflow](https://roboflow.com/formats/yolov8-pytorch-txt)),
CVAT supports datasets with the inverted directory order of subset and "images" or "labels",
i.e. both `train/images/`, `images/train/` are valid inputs.
```
